Revise AI highlight example (#48880)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json/migrate-from-newtonsoft.md

Newtonsoft parses `NaN`, `Infinity`, and `-Infinity` JSON string tokens. With System.Text.Json, use <xref:System.Text.Json.Serialization.JsonNumberHandling.AllowNamedFloatingPointLiterals?displayProperty=nameWithType>. For information about how to use this setting, see [Allow or write numbers in quotes](invalid-json.md#allow-or-write-numbers-in-quotes).

## Use AI for solution-wide migration

> You can use AI tools, such as GitHub Copilot, to help with migrating your solution from `Newtonsoft.Json` to `System.Text.Json` directly within your IDE, using a tailored prompt that reflects your project’s specific serialization patterns and requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use AI tools, such as GitHub Copilot, to help with migrating your solution from `Newtonsoft.Json` to `System.Text.Json` directly within your IDE. You can use a tailored prompt that reflects your project's specific serialization patterns and requirements.
```

**Example prompt for Copilot Chat**

```copilot-prompt
Convert all serialization code in this #solution from Newtonsoft.Json to System.Text.Json, using the recommended approach for my current .NET version.
- Update attributes and properties, including rules for skipping or renaming during serialization 
- Ensure polymorphic serialization continues to work correctly
- Respect existing custom converters and project-level settings (for example, from the Utilities folder or appsettings.json)
- Update related unit tests and highlight any potential breaking changes
- Generate a migration summary
```

> Review Copilot’s suggestions before applying. For more information, see [Copilot FAQs](https://aka.ms/copilot-general-use-faqs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended that you review Copilot's suggestions before applying them. For more information, see [Copilot FAQs](https://aka.ms/copilot-general-use-faqs).
```

Reviewer 2: The first version avoids passive voice, that's the one that I recommend: Review Copilot’s suggestions before applying. For more information, see [Copilot FAQs](https://aka.ms/copilot-general-use-faqs).
